High in this video I would like to tell a few words about deep now all networks and people are earning.
So let's get started.
Basically what is deep learning in the 1990s support vector machines proved to be better solutions for
learning algorithms.
This is what we have been discussing in one of the first lectures because there wasn't any efficient
algorithms out there to train in our own network.
But since 2000 and six several now on network training algorithms that are created.
And that's why no we're days now that networks outperform any other machine learning techniques such
as supporting actor or machine render for as classifiers and so on.
For example in optical correct or recognition because scientists have came to the conclusion and I think
it's quite counter-intuitive that if we have a complex Zubairy very sophisticated algorithm it's not
going to be good.
Sometimes a simple learning algorithm plus a good training data can outperform or very very complex
and elaborate algorithm.
And this is what Nelse network do.
If we have a good training data then a very very simple rule.
And basically the main concept behind in our network is not that complicated.
And that's why it can outperform any other learning algorithm.
For example we use the plural name for face recognition and it proves to be well very good for this
purpose.
OK we have been discussing that the deep now and that it is kind of in our own network.
So that works with the many layers structure two or more hidden layers are called deep.
Now all networks new techniques are allowed to train five to ten hidden layers and these are that deep.
Now that I've worked with for example 10 hidden layers it turns out that these deep nodal networks perform
far better on many problems than shallow now run networks.
We are going to implement for example now on networks with a single hidden layer.
We can do several good things with the help of a single hidden layer for example logical operators I
data set classification or optical correct recognition.
But scientists have came to the conclusion that if we have more hidden layers for example up to 10 hidden
layers then these neural networks can be very very very good.
And this is the deep learning concept that we have to create more and more hidden layers that school
the deep.
Now we're on that for us and this is the deep learning concept.
So as you can see here we have a single input layer a single output layer.
But we have several hidden layers.
In this case we have 4 1 2 3 4 hidden layers.
And this is basically a deep in our own network.
Of course there are some problems concerning the now run network.
For example we are not able to use the same techniques as we have seen for the shallow on our own networks.
The first layer or the last hidden layer can be trained but not the others because of the well-wishing
gradient problem.
The gradient has the tendency to became smaller and smaller for the hidden layers and the gradient is
small.
What does it mean that the change in the edge weights are going to be very small and that means that
the training mechanism is not going to be that efficient the solution can be not to use sigmoid function
as an activation function.
But basically there are more elaborate concepts for training a deep now on that were on the other hand.
They are going to perform well rebury good for example for facial recognition or optical correct recognition.
Thanks for watching.